to that thought and moment you look that thought that instant and trying to find out where is that
by this thought that which I don't like that thought and that moment then there is no existing
that thought somebody it is empty thought and empty thought is empty whatever that is is empty
there's no solid exist
yes and now when you see this whether it is pleasing sound or unpleasant song
both are nominated and designated name that by the mind and that is really the creation of the mind
and where is the mind
so there is this is emptiness emptiness conception therefore is called illusion
illusion is therefore is called dreamland
and every scholar like this emptiness again it is it's not just we're making up this
emptiness or the buddha made up these things we look ourself where is our mind if we look to our
trying to find our mind there's nothing to find we couldn't find find and that is known as
emptiness
that is we just kind of is vaguely kind of believing oh I heard this emptiness
that thought is known as then kind of like uh believing emptiness which is okay
is not really true emptiness realizations or this is a called
patched emptiness emptiness idea patched on the duality of mind mind so it's not really
realization emptiness it is patched you got that from the buddha books or the books and then just
patched on that your our duality mind so therefore I think it's called in the to bed it's called ji
endi
but it is like patched or this is just the kind of you just holding that you just believed that way
is not really our realization
we don't have to be used as patched in our duality mind we can do ourselves find out is where is
our
mind that's a very simple way where is our mind and we may start looking where is this mind
and there's nothing to find we need to find that is known as that the emptiness is not the
patched the emptiness realization of the emptiness
when this is the same teaching
again this is a teaching
in that teaching said moment anger comes
and in the in the teaching said the the raging anger comes in the mind
instead of following or rejection accepted all these things instead of that immediately
look to the direct press of the anger and moment you look there is a window of emptiness
realizations and relax in that nature state we don't we don't uh we don't accept
and applied in continually to every emotions
anger attachment error and anger or all that one after another i mean that teaching applied
and again we all know this is what is wrong what is mistake is following after these emotions
like following after this attachment and that is then known as the only only and we lost it
the purpose of the practices